I'm not just the host of a show I in the
daytime
I also preside over a courtroom it's
kind of like Judge Judy but without the
judy part but the cases are real we went
to LA County small claims court we found
some real cases litigants and whatnot
and persuaded them to let their cases be
heard by me also known as Judge James
this is the plaintiff Mike Makai he
claims the defendant Jean Stinnett a
legendary hotrod mechanic did a subpar
job replacing the engine in this classic
car when his automobile would not go
fast he was furious he's suing for
$5,000 this is the defendant Jean
Stinnett he claims he replaced the
engine four years ago and its failure
after 500 miles was due to an oil pump
malfunction caused by the plaintiff it's
the case of the little engine that
couldn't raise your right hand but you
were about to witness is real
participants are not actors they're
actually litigants with a case pending
in civil court all mornings have agreed
to drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James
do you swear on this start of Oprah's
magazine to tell the truth the whole
truth and nothing but the truth so help
me Obi oh I direct Emily okay rise for
your Josh James Opia Oprah I'm making
mistake alright you may be seated
sit down in the call room the little
man's are the what little mints are
missing one the little mints are
blessing your honor no no little mints
are sore in and you honor what that data
means I'll swear in and you honor oh the
little mints are swearing in your honor
that's right your honor all right go
stand in the corner all right all right
Michael Makai yes you are the plaintiff
you are suing Jean Stinnett yes for
$5,000 because you claim he knowingly
sold you an engine he'd ruined correct
yes
mr. Stenning you claim you replaced the
engine four years ago and you're not at
fault for whatever problems the engine
may have now correct yes now Jean I've
known about seven years and in the
Antelope Valley he has a real strong
name for building engines his son has
been in national magazines as long with
Jean you'll see his name on the front
here you see his name in the front okay
in any articles his son gives credit to
his dad for him learning how to build
these engines sounds like Mike is a big
fan of yours Jean oh I've always I
always was he and I were great friends
for about seven years but you're not now
know what because while I've been
through as I talked to him about putting
a new engine in the car he said wall
just bility an engine the first day we
got the car since I pulled out the oil
gauge was bouncing around around 30
pounds so I went home called up Jean and
told him Jean
company check this thing out he says
there's not a thing you do up I know
every screw every bolt everything to
that car I used to drag race myself for
a lot of years the drag racing is when
you race dressed as a woman
pardon me well no Jean what happened why
didn't you go over to check it out
I knew it wasn't the oil pump yeah your
honor thanks for calling me Your Honor
by the way that's nice right yeah it's
very nice it's nice think you knew it
wasn't the oil pump why because we had
tests on the test stand and it held a
perfect 60 pounds if you look at the
specs from a General Motors engineer
mode do you understand any of this
no when I used to rush him I think oh
boy
Your Honor I represent Street rodders in
struggles that car has been to numerous
schools what is the program street
Robbie Robertson's drugs I take the car
to schools talk to kids and saying
instead of getting involved in all these
drugs spending money in a car build a
car and now you realize it maybe you
made a mistake and maybe drugs would
have been a better idea well right Jean
that's right
is it true mr. Stinnett that you tried
to sell mr. McKay's son drugs
never I don't be on there dad I've never
had a drug in my life you want to get
high after the show mother I don't think
so I didn't want to say one thing though
the oil problem started the very first
day I drove it which was gonna banana in
the bathroom yeah I was hungry you go
get me all that stuff bring me all those
folders and everything Oh hold on whoa
I apologize for the bailiffs very
unprofessional only that's it oh you
brought a lot of stuff huh
some of it is my Street rodders against
drugs see when I do those shows this
want to handle the kids out and they
color it all in Garin will bring that
stuff over here
so the kids then color this in and then
they don't do drugs
hey you honor what off I've been to my
banana you can't use profanity in my
court like sorry what what happened your
honor ate your bananas what happened go
back to your spot all right did you wash
your hands after the bathroom yeah I did
okay good I'll go back to my corner all
right I am going to my chambers I'm
gonna take a little nap
can you bring coffee for everybody no I
cannot and when I return I will rule in
this case I have something I want to say
we'll talk again when we come back uh
yeah okay
hold on to your parts will Judge James
rule the plaintiff is entitled to
damages regardless of his sunglasses or
will he ruin favor of the defendant
who's almost asleep Judge James verdict
when we return this drug-free daredevil
dad claims he bought a bad motor and
this grease monkey grandpa wishes he was
home watching The Mentalist Judge James
is about to rule let's listen
well gentlemen you both seem like very
nice guys you both seem like earnest
guys I had one thing I wanted to say
your what was that oh my god this is it
this is where the problem really well
yeah yeah listen listen listen I I don't
know anything about cars
I I'm totally confused I'm bored I'm
starting to get hungry
yeah me too um what I'm mostly concerned
about is your friendship that's I think
what needs to be reestablished here so I
know that you're the defendant you're
not actually suing for an amount of
money I know you are suing for an amount
of money what I would like to do is give
each of you $2,500 on the condition that
you kiss each other in this courtroom do
you accept this no what about a hug i
mr. Makai I will advise you that this
would be a very wise move I would like
because no I don't want to hear about it
I don't want to hear I want to see you
two become friends again I really would
and I think that maybe there were some
things wrong with the engine
maybe you were driving mr. Stennett
crazy and I think that you're you need
to get back to your work getting kids
off drugs with cartoons and stuff don't
fix it what doesn't 2500 how much would
fix the engine oh basically 3,000
because I said the engine char I'll give
you $3,000 were you guys just hug each
other for God's sake
I rule in favor of everybody all right
judge James has rendered his verdict
let's talk to the litigants now first
the defendant now you were awarded
$2,500 just basically to hug the planar
okay and you weren't asking for money
really how I wasn't no it was excellent
you know and to celebrate the verdict
will you and your wife be making sweet
sweet love tonight I think so yes
attaboy we're getting hot rock dance all
right all right and now we have the
plaintiff plaintiff was awarded $3,000
congratulations thank you do you have a
message for children out there for kids
stay away from drugs here's a good
example of a guy that never did drugs
all right
there you go good job it's gonna be a
total stoner on the next judge James
what is a pre-prom champagne party the
whole thing was tacky she said with $600
it looked like six dollars who's this
naked person chilly no one oh that's all
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over will subscribe to our
YouTube channel and you will never be
sad again ever